# Gov_hack
Vault Tas is an app produced by Inter-Tas. This app can provide opportunities to tourism and local business. Tasmania is a state that rich in history, there are historical sites nearly everywhere around Tasmania. People can miss a lot of stuff while on their trip to Tasmania. This is where our app comes into play, this app will use the user’s location and inform them if there’s any heritage site near them by using heritage data stored in datasets. This will be a great help to the tourists as well as government to promote tourism across Tasmania. QR codes can be set across Tasmania near all historic sites in Tasmania through which Tasmanian history can be viewed using advanced phones AR technology or VR as well if you really want to immerse yourselves into the history of Tasmania. People can also take pictures in the AR environment (such as historical buildings, etc.) , this will make tourism very enjoyable while visiting and engage. All Tasmanian important events such as Dark Mofo can also be viewed using this app in AR and VR. It will create excitement among people in joining the event whenever it occurs.Scanning these QR codes will store all historical information in the app’s database of the user which user can use to study more about Tasmania history. Historians will have great benefit using this app. Moreover, this app will also support rewards system by using which users will be able to get discounts at historic sites salamanca market, Port Arthur, local restaurants etc. This will help in promoting Tasmania across Tourists which will increase commercial businesses revenue as well. 
